[[0. Website Used for Practicing PBB]]

### What is **Fingerprinting** ?
-  **Fingerprinting web technologies is about identifying the exact stack** **(server, framework, language, CMS, WAF, etc.)** behind a target so you can **choose the most relevant vulnerabilities and exploits**

### What you try to learn from **Fingerprinting** ? 

1. **Web server and OS**: Type and version (e.g., Apache 2.4 on Ubuntu), which helps with version‑specific exploits and misconfig checks.
2. **Frameworks/CMS/libraries**: Indicators of WordPress, Laravel, React, etc. so you can pivot into known vulnerabilities and default paths.
3. **WAF/reverse proxies/CDNs**: Presence and product (e.g., Cloudflare, Azure Front Door, Imperva, AWS ALB), which impacts bypass techniques and how noisy you can be.
4. **APIs and sub‑apps**: Separate apps on /api, /admin, or subdomains running different stacks that may be weaker or outdated.

### Main passive techniques

#### **HTTP headers** :
- **`Server`, `X-Powered-By`, `Via`, `X-AspNet-Version`**, etc. often leak server type, language, or framework.​
    
- Response behavior to malformed or uncommon requests can also betray the actual server even when banners are hidden.
#### **Cookies** :
- Framework‑specific cookie names like **`PHPSESSID`, `JSESSIONID`, `.ASPXAUTH`, `laravel_session`, or `csrftoken`** indicate language or framework
#### **HTML source** :
- Comments, meta tags, script/link paths (e.g., **`/wp-content/`, `/static/admin/`**) and JS variables can disclose frameworks, build tools, and versions.
#### **Files, folders, extensions** :
- Presence of **`/wp-login.php`, `/admin.php`, `/index.jsp`, `/index.aspx`, `/robots.txt`, `/sitemap.xml`, `/browserconfig.xml`** can reveal tech and components.
### Active techniques and tools

#### **Banner grabbing** :
1. Send simple `HEAD`/`GET` requests with tools like netcat/curl and inspect responses for `Server` and `X-Powered-By` banners.
```
┌──(root㉿kali)-[~]
└─# curl -I -L  https://app.aikido.dev/login

HTTP/2 200 
date: Fri, 16 May 2025 06:26:37 GMT
content-type: text/html; charset=UTF-8
server: Apache
x-ua-compatible: IE=Edge
x-frame-options: SAMEORIGIN
x-content-type-options: nosniff
referrer-policy: no-referrer
strict-transport-security: max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains
```

- **Automated fingerprinting tools** (many of which align with what that lesson demonstrates) :

```bash
┌──(root㉿kali)-[~]
└─# whatweb https://app.aikido.dev/login
https://app.aikido.dev/login [200 OK] Apache, Country[UNITED STATES][US], HTML5, HTTPServer[Apache], IP[18.202.37.216], Script[module], Strict-Transport-Security[max-age=63072000; includeSubDomains], Title[Aikido Security], UncommonHeaders[content-security-policy,x-content-type-options,referrer-policy], X-Frame-Options[SAMEORIGIN], X-UA-Compatible[IE=Edge]
```

1. 











