### **What is Command Injection ?**

-  Command injection is a **vulnerability that allows an attacker to manipulate an application to execute arbitrary system commands** on the server. 
- This occurs **when an application passes unsafe data**, often user input, to a system shell.
#### **A simple example**

A vulnerable web application might take a path from a query parameter and use it to read a file, like so:

```
$file = $_GET['file'];
system("cat /var/www/html/$file");
```

If an attacker uses a payload such as `; ls -la` in the `file` parameter, they can make the application execute an additional command that lists all files in the current directory.

The server then executes the `cat` command and the `ls` command and the attacker receives a list of all files in the current directory.

**Command injection can often lead to :**

- Remote code execution
    
- Denial of Service
    
- Data breach
    
- Privilege escalation

**Other learning resources:**

- PortSwigger: [https://portswigger.net/web-security/os-command-injection](https://portswigger.net/web-security/os-command-injection)
- OWASP: [https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Command_Injection](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/Command_Injection)
- https://book.hacktricks.wiki/en/pentesting-web/command-injection.html
## Checklist

- Determine the technology stack: Which operating system and server software are in use?
    
- Identify potential injection points: URL parameters, form fields, HTTP headers, etc.
    
- Test for simple injections with special characters like ;, &&, ||, and |. Test for injection within command arguments.
    
- Test for blind command injection, where output is not returned in the response. If output isn't directly visible, try creating outbound requests (e.g. using ping or curl).
    
- Try to escape from any restriction mechanisms, like quotes or double quotes.
    
- Test with a list of potentially dangerous functions/methods (like exec(), system(), passthru() in PHP, or exec, eval in Node.js).
    
- Test for command injection using time delays (ping -c localhost).
    
- Test for command injection using &&, ||, and ;.
    
- Test with common command injection payloads, such as those from PayloadsAllTheThings.
    
- If there's a filter in place, try to bypass it using various techniques like encoding, command splitting, etc.